there's not really a wrong answer so
just you know how does it seem to you
they're different do you want to
answer
you it's they have like a harder tone to
it the harder feeling harder tone you
said yeah and they kind of like the
syllables stand out more than the other
yeah they have a harder tone the
syllables stand out
more anyone else have a thought you have
a thought
I they stand out more yeah it feels
wrong trying to cut it anywhere else
like if it was May I rock in and it
finished after in that just doesn't feel
yeah right yeah yeah would be right so
compare the Rock and the in me I Rock in
your mystery rock in what's the
difference between Rock and in it's
harder it's uh clearer people are
saying
rock yeah I feel like it has like a an
emotion and like a weight to it yeah it
has more weight to it okay what gives it
that feeling of weight can you can we be
objective about it can we like
objectively describe something that
somebody could maybe measure Rock
in yeah think the rigidness of the r
cons okay and um kind of follow up by
like the CK ending of too so kind of the
word where the syllable starts and ends
okay very what if we what if we change
it to sock in May I sock in your mystery
would it still be you don't think so it
depends on the
r sock in your mystery it's probably the
meaning isn't it you know it's a it's
a the word in or the or your are smaller
words their articles
prepositions whereas this rock or even
sock like socket to be baby that's like
a verb right it's a stronger word it's a
verb it has more meaning but when you're
actually saying it aloud with your
voice you know
acoustically what's the difference what
was what you going to say I was GNA I'm
still thinking really abstract I was
going to say that it feels like like
turns in a dance almost like got like a
space where you stop and a space where
you start again it's a beautiful thing
and so many poems that are in meter and
Rhythm have been set to music as
dances um yes it's so beautiful and you
could you could go may I rock and you're
Mis you speak all you could just do that
right and in fact in ancient Greece for
all of these meters they had different
dance steps that went with them and they
would be out there on the stage like
performing with the meter as they were
doing it so yeah absolutely so but
there's something much simpler um you
know I think because we're used to
English classes we used to thinking of
things
yeah high and low it's a l it's a higher
pitch in fact that's one of the things
it's a higher pitch so may I rock in
your mystery speaking and whole it's a
higher pitch sound it's also
louder just plain old louder right may I
Rocky your mystery speaking and whole
like if you said may I rock in your
mystery speaking and whole that's just
about loudness and it obviously sounds
whacked to do it the wrong way right so
it's louder it's higher pitched and
there's one more quality that these
syllables have that makes them
feel accented anybody have a
thought yeah um gooda that there's like
like each one in between it there's like
two syllables yeah it's well each
they're sometimes part of these happen
to be part of two syllable words but not
all of them right is that what you mean
like through the is two and then her and
like each one in between is
two
interesting through
the interesting okay well normally
linguists would say that they are both
louder
longer and higher
pitched any of those things louder
longer higher pitch creates the sense of
an accented syllable or a stronger
syllable so that's useful to keep in
mind because sometimes you might get
confused you can't tell if it's if it's
accented because you're waiting for it
to be louder then you might remember oh
it could be longer too and that can
remind you that you have so
okay it's really wonderful to hear the
experience that you've described of
experiencing these stress syllables
because it's such an amazing magical
experience isn't it you're talking about
things like you know just taking you out
into these different ways of being and
being more more perceptible more intense
turning Corners all kinds of things so
it's thinking about language in a
physical way it's such a relief isn't it
you know uh if you've ever done yoga
they're always complaining about monkey
mind and too much thinking it's just so
nice when thinking doesn't have to be um
a distraction from your body or your or
your uh physical experience in the world
or even your spiritual or emotional
experience but words it's can be part of
that experience and meter allows that to
happen